I am the one who kneels in the armrest
You must kill our whole family
Are you reconciled?
Dare to arrange Lord Shura like this
Go to Shura Prison by yourself
Dead is dead
But Yaoyao is only 7 years old
Why are you so cruel?
Uncle doesn't want to betray South East Asia in the future
A lot of bad people there should be afraid too, hahaha.
Oh, little girl, don't be afraid.
And the people over there?
He likes you like this, Coco loves love
Pink and tender children
This is your mother
How is it so beautiful?
I believe there will be many men who will love her
Ah court death
Xiao Chen, if you dare to go crazy again
I'll run over and die in front of you
Ants like us
Born to be trampled on by big shots
Do you dare to resist with force?
So naive
clear snow
These 8 years
I have reached the peak
As long as you want
I can pluck all the stars in the sky for you
In my eyes they are the ants
Up to now, you are still obsessed
In the past eight years, have you only learned to dream?
Qingxue, I really shut up
I don't want to hear about an abandoned child
What if you want to kill me and Yaoyao
Congratulations on getting your wish
Sister, you have a lot.
I have no complaints about what you do to me
He begged you to spare my daughter
Please learn
Do anything
Then I just asked you to say goodbye to the red envelope for me.
This kid hit me
Now my fire is bigger
And my brothers are even more angry
You support all of us
One said it was uncomfortable for you to serve.
Say no.
I'll send this kid to the Asura Games
Beat him and sell him to Northeast Asia
i
I promise.